This work (the computer program js/main.js, written in the JavaScript
programming language, and used in several different places in this repository)
has been authored by Dan È˜erban and is licensed under CC-BY-NC, the Creative
Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.0 Generic License. The license is
available in full [here](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/). The
license comes with a few clarifications by the program's author, as to what
constitutes commercial intent and what doesn't, listed below.

This program is the single software infrastructure component that makes it
possible for various sections of the cdl.rosedu.org website to run as
single-page web applications.

The program may not be used to process data that will be presented on a
website where the site visitor is forced to view corporate logos and/or other
corporate branding related imagery without the site visitor's explicit
consent. The site visitor's experience with the corporate logos / branding
related imagery should not be opt-out (install ad blocker to make the imagery
disappear). It should be opt-in (if and when the site visitor chooses - of
their own free will - to visit a single page that is specifically dedicated to
hosting corporate logos and/or branding related imagery and/or marketing
information, i.e. the page which is typically called the sponsors page). The
program may only be used to generate data for a website that falls within this
latter case (the opt-in case).

In more human-readable terms, corporate logos placed in an obnoxious,
in-your-face manner constitutes commercial intent and means you may not use
this program; and corporate logos confined to a single (opt-in) sponsors page
does not constitute commercial intent and means you do have the author's
permission to use this program.
